HERSELF IN AN EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW.
INTERVIEW. MIGUEL ALMAGUER HAS THAT STORY.
MIGUEL ALMAGUER HAS THAT STORY. GOOD MORNING.
GOOD MORNING. >> Reporter: GOOD MORNING.
>> Reporter: GOOD MORNING. THAT LITTLE GIRL WAS TRYING TO
THAT LITTLE GIRL WAS TRYING TO SELL BOTTLED WATER TO GO TO
SELL BOTTLED WATER TO GO TO DISNEYLAND.
DISNEYLAND. NOW, HER STORY HAS EXPLODED INTO
NOW, HER STORY HAS EXPLODED INTO A FLOOD OF CONTROVERSY.
A FLOOD OF CONTROVERSY. THE VIDEO OF HER NEIGHBOR
THE VIDEO OF HER NEIGHBOR CALLING POLICE, NOW VIEWED 2
CALLING POLICE, NOW VIEWED 2 MILLION TIMES.
MILLION TIMES. THIS MORNING, 8-YEAR-OLD JORDAN
THIS MORNING, 8-YEAR-OLD JORDAN ROGERS IS AN INTERNET SENSATION
ROGERS IS AN INTERNET SENSATION FOR SELLING BOTTLED WATER ON THE
FOR SELLING BOTTLED WATER ON THE STREET IN FRONT OF HER HOUSE.
STREET IN FRONT OF HER HOUSE. >> THIS WOMAN DON’T WANT TO LET
>> THIS WOMAN DON’T WANT TO LET LATE GIRL SELL SOME WATER.
LATE GIRL SELL SOME WATER. >> Reporter: THIS WOMAN IS
>> Reporter: THIS WOMAN IS ALLISON EDELL.
ALLISON EDELL. THIS MORNING, SHE’S A SOCIAL
THIS MORNING, SHE’S A SOCIAL MEDIA VILLAIN FOR CALLING THE
MEDIA VILLAIN FOR CALLING THE COPS ON HER YOUNG NEIGHBOR.
COPS ON HER YOUNG NEIGHBOR. >> YEAH, ILLEGAL SELLING WATER
>> YEAH, ILLEGAL SELLING WATER WITHOUT A PERMIT.
WITHOUT A PERMIT. >> Reporter: WE DON’T KNOW WHAT
>> Reporter: WE DON’T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED LEADING INGING UP TO TH
HAPPENED LEADING INGING UP TO TH VIDEO BEING SHOT, EDELL BEING
VIDEO BEING SHOT, EDELL BEING CALLED PERMIT PATTY ONLINE, SAID
CALLED PERMIT PATTY ONLINE, SAID SHE WAS WORKING AT HOME UPSTAIRS
SHE WAS WORKING AT HOME UPSTAIRS AND JORDAN’S SALES PITCH WAS
AND JORDAN’S SALES PITCH WAS LOUD AND NONSTOP.
LOUD AND NONSTOP. >> I TRIED TO BE POLITE.
>> I TRIED TO BE POLITE. BUT I WAS STERN.
BUT I WAS STERN. AND I SAID, PLEASE, I’M TRYING
AND I SAID, PLEASE, I’M TRYING TO WORK.
TO WORK. YOU’RE SCREAMING, YOU’RE
YOU’RE SCREAMING, YOU’RE YELLING.
YELLING. AND PEOPLE HAVE OPEN WINDOWS,
AND PEOPLE HAVE OPEN WINDOWS, IT’S A HOT DAY.
IT’S A HOT DAY. CAN YOU KEEP IT DOWN.
CAN YOU KEEP IT DOWN. >> Reporter: EDELL SAYS SHE
>> Reporter: EDELL SAYS SHE NEVER CONFRONTED JORDAN, JUST
NEVER CONFRONTED JORDAN, JUST HER MOTHER, WHO TOOK THIS VIDEO.
HER MOTHER, WHO TOOK THIS VIDEO. >> SHE’S CALLING POLICE ON A
>> SHE’S CALLING POLICE ON A LITTLE GIRL.
LITTLE GIRL. YOU CAN HIDE IF YOU WANT.
YOU CAN HIDE IF YOU WANT. >> SHE NEVER ASKED US TO BE
>> SHE NEVER ASKED US TO BE QUIET.
QUIET. SHE JUST CAME OUT AND DIRECTLY
SHE JUST CAME OUT AND DIRECTLY DEMANDED TO SEE A PERMIT TO SELL
DEMANDED TO SEE A PERMIT TO SELL WATER FROM AN 8-YEAR-OLD.
WATER FROM AN 8-YEAR-OLD. >> Reporter: "SATURDAY NIGHT
>> Reporter: "SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE" CAST MEMBER, SESLY STRONG,
LIVE" CAST MEMBER, SESLY STRONG, PARODIED THE INCIDENT WITH THIS
PARODIED THE INCIDENT WITH THIS VIDEO.
VIDEO. >> THIS WOMAN CALLED THE POLICE
>> THIS WOMAN CALLED THE POLICE ON THE FLOWERS FOR DRINKING
ON THE FLOWERS FOR DRINKING WATER.
WATER. >> ILLEGALLY DRINKING MY WATER.
>> ILLEGALLY DRINKING MY WATER. ILLEGALLY, DRINKING MY WATER.
ILLEGALLY, DRINKING MY WATER. >> Reporter: SOME ON SOCIAL
>> Reporter: SOME ON SOCIAL MEDIA SAY THEY’RE REMINDED OF A
MEDIA SAY THEY’RE REMINDED OF A SIMILAR INCIDENT IN OAKLAND TWO
SIMILAR INCIDENT IN OAKLAND TWO MONTHS AGO.
MONTHS AGO. A WOMAN CLUBBED BARBECUE BECKY
A WOMAN CLUBBED BARBECUE BECKY CALLED POLICE TO REPORT AN
CALLED POLICE TO REPORT AN AFRICAN-AMERICAN MAN GRILLING IN
AFRICAN-AMERICAN MAN GRILLING IN AN AREA WHERE IT WASN’T ALLOWED.
AN AREA WHERE IT WASN’T ALLOWED. SOME SAY BOTH INCIDENTS ARE
SOME SAY BOTH INCIDENTS ARE RACIALLY MOTIVATED.
RACIALLY MOTIVATED. >> THAT WOMAN THOUGHT SHE COULD
>> THAT WOMAN THOUGHT SHE COULD USE HER WHITE PRIVILEGE AND IT
USE HER WHITE PRIVILEGE AND IT DOESN’T WORK.
DOESN’T WORK. >> Reporter: EDELL HAS GOTTEN
>> Reporter: EDELL HAS GOTTEN ALL KINDS OF E-MAILS.
ALL KINDS OF E-MAILS. >> HORRIBLE THREATS.
>> HORRIBLE THREATS. HORRIBLE.
HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE IMAGES.
HORRIBLE IMAGES. AND DEATH THREATS.
AND DEATH THREATS. >> Reporter: JORDAN SAYS SHE WAS
>> Reporter: JORDAN SAYS SHE WAS TRYING TO RAISE MONEY, TO HELP
TRYING TO RAISE MONEY, TO HELP HER MOM, WHO RECENTLY LOST HER
HER MOM, WHO RECENTLY LOST HER JOB TO GO TO DISNEYLAND.
JOB TO GO TO DISNEYLAND. OVER THE WEEKEND, SHE GOT SOME
OVER THE WEEKEND, SHE GOT SOME GOOD NEWS.
GOOD NEWS. >> THEY KNOW YOU WANT TO GO TO
>> THEY KNOW YOU WANT TO GO TO DISNEYLAND.
DISNEYLAND. AND THEY BOUGHT YOU FOUR
AND THEY BOUGHT YOU FOUR TICKETS.
TICKETS. [ SCREAMING ]
[ SCREAMING ] >> MIGUEL, AFTER EDELL SAW THE
>> MIGUEL, AFTER EDELL SAW THE FIRESTORM AFTER THE VIDEO, HOW
FIRESTORM AFTER THE VIDEO, HOW DOES SHE FEEL ABOUT THAT?
DOES SHE FEEL ABOUT THAT? >> SHE SAYS SHE IS NOT PROUD HOW
>> SHE SAYS SHE IS NOT PROUD HOW SHE ACTED AND SHE WOULD
SHE ACTED AND SHE WOULD APOLOGIZE TO JORDAN AND HER
APOLOGIZE TO JORDAN AND HER MOTHER, BUT BOTH SAY THEY WILL
MOTHER, BUT BOTH SAY THEY WILL NOT ACCEPT THAT APOLOGY.